Azure Virtual Desktop Planning
------------------------------

Azure Virtual Desktop assessment  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/scenarios/wvd/migrate-assess  

Azure Virtual Desktop for the enterprise  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/example-scenario/wvd/windows-virtual-desktop

Azure Virtual Desktop components   
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/azure-virtual-desktop-architecture/3-azure-virtual-desktop-components

Personal and pooled desktops  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/azure-virtual-desktop-architecture/4-personal-pooled-desktops

Service updates for Azure Virtual Desktop desktops  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/azure-virtual-desktop-architecture/5-service-updates-for-azure-virtual-desktops

Azure limitations for Azure Virtual Desktop  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/azure-virtual-desktop-architecture/6-azure-limitations-for-azure-virtual-desktop

Virtual machine sizing guidelines  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/remote/remote-desktop-services/virtual-machine-recs

Azure Virtual Desktop pricing  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/azure-virtual-desktop-architecture/8-azure-virtual-desktop-pricing

Assess network capacity and speed requirements for Azure Virtual Desktop  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/rdp-bandwidth

Network guidelines  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/remote/remote-desktop-services/network-guidance  

Azure Virtual Desktop Experience Estimator  
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/virtual-desktop/assessment/  

Recommend an operating system for an Azure Virtual Desktop implementation  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/design-azure-virtual-desktop-architecture/4-recommend-operate-system-azure-virtual-desktop-implementation

Host pool load-balancing algorithms  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/host-pool-load-balancing

Configure a location for the Azure Virtual Desktop metadata  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/data-locations

Use Azure Monitor for Azure Virtual Desktop to monitor your deployment  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/azure-monitor

Recommend an appropriate storage solution  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/store-fslogix-profile

Update the password of your storage account identity in AD DS  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/files/storage-files-identity-ad-ds-update-password

Overview - on-premises Active Directory Domain Services authentication over SMB for Azure file shares  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/files/storage-files-identity-auth-active-directory-enable

Azure AD join for Azure Virtual Desktop  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/example-scenario/wvd/azure-virtual-desktop-azure-active-directory-join

Azure Virtual Desktop RDP Shortpath for managed networks  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/shortpath

Multiregion Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCDR) for Azure Virtual Desktop  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/example-scenario/wvd/azure-virtual-desktop-multi-region-bcdr